What happened to Mr. Mukai?
He seems to be dead.
He's dead.
He was in the bath.
He said he was dead.
He was sick.
What do you mean?
You look strange.
So much mud in your hair.
When you moved to Fudokai
I looked down on stain.
I didn't just look for your new address.
Why shit on the floor?
Your bath is over there.
Say that again.
There was a guest.
I was there.
Ma'am, you're at my place.
I told him to go to the Showa house.
He said he'd go to the Showa house, but he'd go to the Hirakata house.
He said something funny.
He said, you're on the second floor of the Izumaya building,
and I'm on the second floor of the Mamushita building.
He said, I'm hungry, so I'll go to the kitchen and get some food.
I said, bring some rice rolls.
He said, I'll make you some rice rolls.
I said, I'll make you some rice rolls.
seemed like he didn't understand.
One shop closed, and spent some money on a sake at the Scottish town.
You're the chairman, of this shop know thisers I have efforts to help you too.
I don Koen Koen sheen United
and Koxensai Hon K Koen Koenak oone
If you'd been authentication on feet...
...f escola?
It would be a
We ran over the betel nut trees.
And, that赤 Different?
What you say that in the world?
You say that I will become much more 이
Now, I said to agree.
Even once whoever came to ask about you...
there was no matter!
Can you guys stop please?
Tagen-san!
I had over-estimated myself anyway.
How can you say—
It's quite obvious.
time to go.